{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green55\blue68;\red0\green171\blue68;\red102\green102\blue102;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20784\c21569\c26667;\csgenericrgb\c0\c67059\c26667;\csgenericrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1080\margt1080\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 Chase Alexander
\f0\b0\fs20 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0

\fs72 \cf2 Lister\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 12 December 2021\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Executive Summary\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Lister is an iOS application that makes it easy to share all of your wish lists with family and friends. You can add to your general wish list or make event-specific ones like a wedding registry. Your general wish list provides you a place to list things you want year-round so that when your birthday or the holidays come around you don\'92t have to try and think back on all the cool things you\'92ve seen and wanted but have now forgotten. Your list will be available 24/7 making it easy for you to just add things you like when you see them at the store or in an ad. Keeping your lists on lister also makes it easier for your family and friends to shop for you. Whenever they\'92re ready they can view your lists and won\'92t tip you off that they\'92re shopping for you by asking what you want for a certain occasion. They will be able to see what has been bought for you to avoid duplicate gifts, but you will not see any change until they decide to notify you after the event is over. Once notified, you can have lister remove all purchased gifts from your lists with a single tap.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 User Stories / Personas\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Natalie is a 21-year-old college student living in the bay area. Her finals always come up around Christmas time and her family is constantly bugging her for a list of things she wants. Being busy with school, work, and a relationship, it\'92s hard for her to take the time during the end of the semester to try and think up a list of things she wants. An app to keep track of a wish list that she could add to year-round would make it a lot easier. The list would need to be easy to distribute to her family so she doesn\'92t have to go through several pages and get a link to share over and over. It would be easiest if her friends and family always had access. Adding items to a list also has to be easy so that she can do it on the go when she sees something she likes in a store.\
Roger is a 71-year-old grandparent living in a suburban home. He has multiple children and grandchildren to shop for holidays, birthdays, graduation. He\'92s rather forgetful and has a hard time remembering things he\'92s seen that he would like to have. An app to keep track of a wish list would make it easy for him to keep track of things that he may like to buy himself and would also help his family know what kind of items he might be interested in. For him it would be helpful to get reminders when an event is coming up like a birthday of one of his grand children. A notification that he could click to take him straight to the family member\'92s wishlsit would be very helpful. He\'92s not the best with technology so a very intuitive interface with as few buttons as possible would make it a lot easier for him to remember how to do things. Symbols as buttons would possibly make it easier for him to remember what they do (ex: + to mean \'91add an item\'92).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Functional Requirements\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u9679 	Account management\
\pard\tx1080\tx1800\pardeftab720\li1800\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can register\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can log in and log out\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can update their account information\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	List making\
\pard\tx1080\tx1800\pardeftab720\li1800\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can create multiple lists\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can add items to lists\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can remove items from the list\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can delete lists\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Lists can be public (to friends) or private (user only)\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	List sharing\
\pard\tx1080\tx1800\pardeftab720\li1800\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Users can add friends that also have accounts\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Friends can view each other\'92s lists\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	Lists\
\pard\tx1080\tx1800\pardeftab720\li1800\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \cf2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Items will contain item name, price, image, short description, and a link\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Clicking on the list item will take you to the place where you can purchase the item\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Images can be sourced from online if none isn\'92t provided\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Prices can be provided by user (potentially sourced from the link?)\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Can be sorted by price\
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2 \uc0\u9675 
\f0 	Add items by scanning them\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb480\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Nonfunctional Requirements\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u9679 	User passwords will be encrypted\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb480\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 MILESTONES\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 Milestone 1 - Planning app & Features\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Outline the app\'92s details in this document. All items outlined in this document are subject to change as the development process progresses:\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	Executive summary\
\uc0\u9679 	User stories/Personas\
\uc0\u9679 	Functional Requirements\
\uc0\u9679 	Non-functional Requirements\
\uc0\u9679 	Milestones\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 Milestone 2 - UI/UX Design & Storyboards\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Design the UI/UX of major screens/views. Include a general layout of the page, navigation, and a color scheme. Develop a logo and app icon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 Milestone 3 - Vertical Prototype\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Create a working prototype of some of the most basic app screens. There will be no real functionality, but you will be able to swipe and navigate through to some of the main screens.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 Milestone 4 - Focus on implementing all priority 1 features\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Focus intensely on implementing all of the priority 1 features. Completion of this milestone will result in a complete MVP.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 Milestone 5 - Add additional 2nd tier features\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Attending to one feature at a time, add additional features in order of listed priorities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 Milestone 6 - Prepare an app portfolio\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 A description and sales pitch for the application are to be listed on the app store. Include images showing off screens and features. Highlight the importance and usage of features. Address pain points and push advantages over competitors.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs28 \cf3 Milestone 7 - Deploy to App store\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl312\slmult1\sb200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 Sign up for Apple developer program and post the app to the store.\
}